README.md, before:

# RulerSegmentation test set

[RulerSegmentation dataset](https://path/to/images)

## Dataset Description
This dataset contains a collection of annotated dermoscopic images primarily used for identifying and segmenting rulers and scales within these images. The annotations are provided in a CSV file, which includes details such as image dimensions and bounding boxes for each annotation, as well as the origin source for the public images. Below is a detailed description of the dataset's structure and contents.
The of the dataset contains 100 images, and corresponds to the whole test set of the algorithm described on the paper.  **For now, we only published a sample of the annotations, but the whole dataset will be published after acceptation of our paper.**

## Dataset Structure
- **"images"**: The dataset contains dermoscopic images with varying resolutions and dimensions.
- **"annotation"**: Each image is accompanied by annotation data that identifies the locations of rulers and scales within the image. These annotations are represented as bounding boxes with specific coordinates and dimensions.

### Annotation CSV File: 
The CSV file has the following columns:

1. `image_path_local`: The local path to the image file.
2. `image_width`: The width of the image in pixels.
3. `image_height`: The height of the image in pixels.
4. `discussions`: A column reserved for any discussions or notes about the annotations (currently empty).
5. `source`: The url link of the image.
6. `view_annotation_result_Bounding-Box`: A JSON-formatted string containing a list of dictionaries. Each dictionary represents a bounding box with the following keys:
  * x: The x-coordinate of the bounding box center.
  * y: The y-coordinate of the bounding box center.
  * width: The width of the bounding box.
  * height: The height of the bounding box.
  * rotate: The rotation angle of the bounding box.
  * class_name: The class of the annotated object (e.g., "ruler", "scale").

### Example of Annotation Data
Below an examples of the annotations for one of the images from the dataset:

- *Example 1*
```
"image_path_local": "ISIC_0261866.jpg"
"image_width": 1920
"image_height": 1080
"discussions": ""
"source": https://challenge2020.isic-archive.com/
"view_annotation_result_Bounding-Box": "[{'x': 1759.855874766125, 'y': 1031.3401179243506, 'width': 10.339966659282139, 'height': 1.1559341916977368, 'rotate': 270.7618338668707, 'class_name': 'ruler'},...]"
```

### Notable Annotations

- **"Rulers"**: Identified by their characteristic elongated shapes and usually annotated with their orientation and dimensions.
- **"Scales"**: Annotated similarly to rulers but distinguished by their specific use-case and potentially different dimensions or orientations.


The file `draw_ruler_annotation.py` is one example of how to plot the ruler lines and the scales on the images. In the folder *examples/*, we provide samples of annotated images (in green the ruler lines and in red the rectangle which heigt corresponds to the 1 mm scale of the image).

<img title="a title" alt="ISIC.jpg" src="annotated_examples/ISIC_0220438_annotated.png"  width="500">

Commit message:

Update README.md with testset address

README.md, after:

# RulerSegmentation testset

The list of ISIC 2020 Challenge public images is included in the `annotated_isic_testset.csv` file. To be downloaded from the ISIC Challenge web site: https://challenge2020.isic-archive.com/ 

## Dataset Description
This dataset contains a collection of annotated dermoscopic images primarily used for identifying and segmenting rulers and scales within these images. The annotations are provided in a CSV file, which includes details such as image dimensions and bounding boxes for each annotation, as well as the origin source for the public images. Below is a detailed description of the dataset's structure and contents.
The of the dataset contains 100 images, and corresponds to the whole test set of the algorithm described on the paper.  **For now, we only published a sample of the annotations, but the whole dataset will be published after acceptation of our paper.**

## Dataset Structure
- **"images"**: The dataset contains dermoscopic images with varying resolutions and dimensions.
- **"annotation"**: Each image is accompanied by annotation data that identifies the locations of rulers and scales within the image. These annotations are represented as bounding boxes with specific coordinates and dimensions.

### Annotation CSV File: 
The CSV file has the following columns:

1. `image_path_local`: The local path to the image file.
2. `image_width`: The width of the image in pixels.
3. `image_height`: The height of the image in pixels.
4. `discussions`: A column reserved for any discussions or notes about the annotations (currently empty).
5. `source`: The url link of the image.
6. `view_annotation_result_Bounding-Box`: A JSON-formatted string containing a list of dictionaries. Each dictionary represents a bounding box with the following keys:
  * x: The x-coordinate of the bounding box center.
  * y: The y-coordinate of the bounding box center.
  * width: The width of the bounding box.
  * height: The height of the bounding box.
  * rotate: The rotation angle of the bounding box.
  * class_name: The class of the annotated object (e.g., "ruler", "scale").

### Example of Annotation Data
Below an examples of the annotations for one of the images from the dataset:

- *Example 1*
```
"image_path_local": "ISIC_0261866.jpg"
"image_width": 1920
"image_height": 1080
"discussions": ""
"source": https://challenge2020.isic-archive.com/
"view_annotation_result_Bounding-Box": "[{'x': 1759.855874766125, 'y': 1031.3401179243506, 'width': 10.339966659282139, 'height': 1.1559341916977368, 'rotate': 270.7618338668707, 'class_name': 'ruler'},...]"
```

### Notable Annotations

- **"Rulers"**: Identified by their characteristic elongated shapes and usually annotated with their orientation and dimensions.
- **"Scales"**: Annotated similarly to rulers but distinguished by their specific use-case and potentially different dimensions or orientations.


The file `draw_ruler_annotation.py` is one example of how to plot the ruler lines and the scales on the images. In the folder *examples/*, we provide samples of annotated images (in green the ruler lines and in red the rectangle which heigt corresponds to the 1 mm scale of the image).

<img title="a title" alt="ISIC.jpg" src="annotated_examples/ISIC_0220438_annotated.png"  width="500">
